Add contribute page to doc (#165)
cherrypy/cheroot: docs/contribute.rst

.. include:: ../.github/CONTRIBUTING.rst

> First-time setup

Reviewer: Mention somewhere that docs need Python 3.

Author: @webknjaz Sorry, Python3 to need for that?
To build docs?
But it just runs tox command.
Don't understand this moment.
Where do I need to write what to need Python3?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- `Install git`_

- `Configure git`_:

> 1. Please identify yourself::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Please, identify yourself::
```

        $ git config --global user.name "firstname lastname"

>         $ git config --global user.email yourname@example.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        $ git config --global user.email yourname@example.com

* Use the address bound to your GitHub account so that the commits would be linked to your profile.
```

> 2. Chose editor for git commit::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Choose editor for git commit::
```

        $ git config --global core.editor vim

- Create and log in to a `GitHub`_ account

> - `Fork`_ Cheroot to your GitHub account it just needs clicking the Fork button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Fork`_ Cheroot to your GitHub account by clicking the Fork button
```

- `Clone`_ your fork locally::

        git clone https://github.com/{username}/cheroot

        cd cheroot

- To create a new `branch`_ and switch to it::

        git checkout -b patch/some_fix

.. _Install git: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git
.. _Configure git: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-First-Time-Git-Setup
.. _GitHub: http://github.com
.. _Fork: https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/
.. _Clone: https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/
.. _branch: https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/using-branches

Write your code
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Please, use `pep8`_

Reviewer: let's spell it
```suggestion
- Please, use `PEP 8`_
```

.. _pep8: https://pep8.org/

Once you finished coding, you are recommended to do the following steps:
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

- Run tests with `tox`_

Run one test with Python3.6::

        tox -e py36 -- cheroot/test/test_name.py

**`tox`** - Run all tests for the environment, who wrote in tox settings::

        envlist = python
        minversion = 3.5.3

run with all Python interpreter::

        tox -e pre-commit,py27,py37 etc

- Run the `pre-commit`_::

        tox -e pre-commit

- `git add`_ your files

- `Write good`_ `git commit`_ for your code

- `Push`_ and `create a pull request`_

.. _tox: https://tox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _pre-commit: https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit
.. _git add: https://git-scm.com/docs/git-add
.. _Write good: https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/
.. _git commit: https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit
.. _Push: https://git-scm.com/docs/git-push
.. _create a pull request: https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/

Building the docs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Building documentation::

        tox -e build-docs

Open the documentation:

> for GNU/linux::

Reviewer: It would be great to use https://github.com/djungelorm/sphinx-tabs or https://sphinxcontrib-contentui.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tabs.html to lay out the options better

Reviewer: This example https://sphinxcontrib-contentui.readthedocs.io/en/latest/example-all.html is also nice.

Reviewer: But let's postpone this change to the next PR. Ref #167.

>         xdg-open build/html/index.html

Reviewer: Also, one can serve docs using a built-in static files server:
```console
python3 -m http.server --directory docs/build/html/ 8080
open http://localhost:8080
```

This is preferable because of possible CSRF issues.

.. include:: ../.github/CONTRIBUTING.rst

First-time setup
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- You need to install `Python`_ 3 which is required for building docs.

> For example, Python3.7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, Python 3.7.
```

Then, `create and activate a virtual environment`_.
And install `tox`_.

- `Install git`_

- `Configure git`_:

1. Please, identify yourself::

    $ git config --global user.name "firstname lastname"
    $ git config --global user.email yourname@example.com

* Use the address bound to your GitHub account so that the commits would be linked to your profile.

> 2. Choose editor for git commit::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Choose an editor for Git::
```

    $ git config --global core.editor vim

- Create and log in to a `GitHub`_ account

- `Fork`_ Cheroot to your GitHub account by clicking the Fork button

- `Clone`_ your fork locally::

>     $ git clone https://github.com/{username}/cheroot

Reviewer: Why not ssh?

    $ cd cheroot

- To create a new `branch`_ and switch to it::

    $ git checkout -b patch/some_fix

.. _create and activate a virtual environment: https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html#creating-virtual-environments
.. _Python: https://www.python.org/
.. _Install git: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git
.. _Configure git: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-First-Time-Git-Setup
.. _GitHub: http://github.com
.. _Fork: https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/
.. _Clone: https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/
.. _branch: https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/using-branches

Write your code
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Please, use `PEP 8`_

.. _PEP 8: https://pep8.org/

Once you finished coding, you are recommended to do the following steps:
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

- Run tests with `tox`_

Run one test with Python3.6::

    $ tox -e py36 -- cheroot/test/test_name.py

> **`tox`** - Run all tests using the Python version where `python` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`tox`** — Run all tests using the Python version where `python` command
```

currently points to which is specified in tox settings::

    envlist = python
    minversion = 3.5.3

Run linters and all tests against several Python interpreters::

>     $ tox -e pre-commit,py27,py37 etc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ tox -e pre-commit,py27,py37  # etc.
```

- Run the `pre-commit`_ linting suite::

    $ tox -e pre-commit

- `git add`_ your files

> - `Write good`_ `git commit`_ for your code

Reviewer: "Write good commit messages when checking in your changes to Git"

- `Push`_ and `create a pull request`_

> .. _tox: https://tox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Reviewer: it should be possible to link it via intersphinx

Author: I need just add tox url to intersphinx_mapping in conf.py
But I don't understand how to link to these documentations.
Do you know?
Documentation does not help me :(

Reviewer: Let's postpone it then

.. _pre-commit: https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit
.. _git add: https://git-scm.com/docs/git-add
.. _Write good: https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/
.. _git commit: https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit
.. _Push: https://git-scm.com/docs/git-push
.. _create a pull request: https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/

Building the docs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Building documentation::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the docs from a checked out source, run::
```

    $ tox -e build-docs

Open the documentation:

for GNU/linux::

    $ xdg-open build/html/index.html

for macOS::

    $ open build/html/index.html

Also, one can serve docs using a built-in static files server.
This is preferable because of possible CSRF issues.::

    $ python3 -m http.server --directory build/html/ 8000

> Open `http://localhost:8000/ <http://localhost:8000/>`_ please in your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, you can open `http://localhost:8000/ <http://localhost:8000/>`_ in your browser.
```

.. include:: ../.github/CONTRIBUTING.rst

First-time setup
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - You need to install the third version of `Python`_.

Reviewer: Just
```suggestion
- You need to install `Python`_ 3 which is required for building docs.
```

For example, Python3.7

Then `to create and activate a virtual environment`_.
And install `tox`_.

- `Install git`_

- `Configure git`_:

1. Please, identify yourself::

>         $ git config --global user.name "firstname lastname"

Reviewer: I think it would be better to have just 4-space indentation across docs:
```suggestion
    $ git config --global user.name "firstname lastname"
```

> 

Reviewer: this empty line is probably not needed
```suggestion
```

        $ git config --global user.email yourname@example.com

* Use the address bound to your GitHub account so that the commits would be linked to your profile.

2. Choose editor for git commit::

        $ git config --global core.editor vim

- Create and log in to a `GitHub`_ account

- `Fork`_ Cheroot to your GitHub account by clicking the Fork button

- `Clone`_ your fork locally::

>         git clone https://github.com/{username}/cheroot

Reviewer: Let's be consistent and use `$` prompt everywhere or nowhere.
```suggestion
        $ git clone https://github.com/{username}/cheroot
```

        cd cheroot

- To create a new `branch`_ and switch to it::

        git checkout -b patch/some_fix

.. _to create and activate a virtual environment: https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html#creating-virtual-environments
.. _Python: https://www.python.org/
.. _Install git: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git
.. _Configure git: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-First-Time-Git-Setup
.. _GitHub: http://github.com
.. _Fork: https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/
.. _Clone: https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/
.. _branch: https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/using-branches

Write your code
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Please, use `PEP 8`_

.. _PEP 8: https://pep8.org/

Once you finished coding, you are recommended to do the following steps:
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

- Run tests with `tox`_

Run one test with Python3.6::

        tox -e py36 -- cheroot/test/test_name.py

> **`tox`** - Run all tests for the environment, who wrote in tox settings::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`tox`** - Run all tests using the Python version where `python` command
currently points to which is specified in tox settings::
```

        envlist = python
        minversion = 3.5.3

> run with all Python interpreter::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run linters and all tests against several Python interpreters::
```

        tox -e pre-commit,py27,py37 etc

> - Run the `pre-commit`_::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the `pre-commit`_ linting suite::
```

        tox -e pre-commit

- `git add`_ your files

- `Write good`_ `git commit`_ for your code

- `Push`_ and `create a pull request`_

.. _tox: https://tox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _pre-commit: https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit
.. _git add: https://git-scm.com/docs/git-add
.. _Write good: https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/
.. _git commit: https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit
.. _Push: https://git-scm.com/docs/git-push
.. _create a pull request: https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/

Building the docs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Building documentation::

        tox -e build-docs

Open the documentation:

for GNU/linux::

        xdg-open build/html/index.html

for macOS::

        open build/html/index.html

Also, one can serve docs using a built-in static files server.
This is preferable because of possible CSRF issues.::

>         python -m http.server --directory build/html/ 8000

Reviewer: Pure `python` often points to `python2`, which has a completely different module for serving status.
```suggestion
        python3 -m http.server --directory build/html/ 8000
```

> Open http://0.0.0.0:8000/ please in your browser.

Reviewer: Please never advise using `0.0.0.0`, it's incorrect from the networking point of view but works under some OSs.
`0.0.0.0` is a wholesale pseudoaddress which means "all available IPs" in the context of binding to a port for listening.
In the context of routing, it means "default gateway", address which didn't match any other rules.
So when user tries to go to `0.0.0.0` it doesn't point to anything which could make any sense at all from the networking perspective. While GNU/Linux "assumes" it to be some of the localhost addresses, Windows errors out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open `http://localhost:8000/ <http://localhost:8000/>`_ please in your browser.
```

.. include:: ../.github/CONTRIBUTING.rst

First-time setup
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- `Install git`_

- `Configure git`_:

1. Please identify yourself::

        $ git config --global user.name "firstname lastname"

        $ git config --global user.email yourname@example.com

2. Chose editor for git commit::

        $ git config --global core.editor vim

- Create and log in in `GitHub`_ account Create ang log in in `github`_ account

- `Fork`_ Cheroot to your GitHub account it just needs clicking the Fork button

- `Clone`_ your fork locally::

        git clone https://github.com/{username}/cheroot

        cd cheroot

- To create a new `branch`_ and switch to it::

        git checkout -b patch/some_fix

.. _Install git: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git
.. _Configure git: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-First-Time-Git-Setup
.. _GitHub: http://github.com
.. _Fork: https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/
.. _Clone: https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/
.. _branch: https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/using-branches

Write your code
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Please to use `pep8`_

> After then you finished the code you need to do some steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you finished coding, you are recommended to do the following steps:
```

"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

- Run tests with `tox`_

Run one test with Python3.6::

        tox -e py36 -- cheroot/test/test_name.py

**`tox`** - Run all tests for the environment, who wrote in tox settings::

        envlist = python
        minversion = 3.5.3

run with all Python interpreter:: 

        tox -e pre-commit,py27,py37 etc

- Run the `pre-commit`_::

        tox -e pre-commit - run pre-commit

- `git add`_ your files

- `Write good`_ `git commit`_ for your code

> - `Push`_ and `to create a pull request`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Push`_ and `create a pull request`_
```

.. _tox: https://tox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _git commit: https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit
.. _Write good: https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/
.. _Push: https://git-scm.com/docs/git-push
.. _git add: https://git-scm.com/docs/git-add
.. _to create a pull request: https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/
.. _pep8: https://pep8.org/
.. _pre-commit: https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit

Building the docs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Building documentation::

        tox -e build-docs

Open the documentation::

>         firefox build/html/index.html

Reviewer: `xdg-open` for GNU/linux, `open` for macOS.
